docs: document the @lavamoat/harden package (#75)
LavaMoat/lavamoat.github.io: src/content/docs/guides/allow-scripts.md

description: 'A user guide for @lavamoat/allow-scripts'
---

:::note[Deprecated]

> Use [@lavamoat/harden][lavamoat-harden] if you're on modern versions of popular package managers, it leverages their native capabilities to provide the same protections. `allow-scripts` is now only recommended for older versions of package managers or to achieve precise dependency pinning with yarn allowlist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [@lavamoat/harden][lavamoat-harden] if you're using a modern version of a popular package manager. It leverages their native capabilities to provide the same protections. `@lavamoat/allow-scripts` is now only recommended for older versions of package managers or to achieve precise dependency pinning with Yarn 1.x's allowlist.
```

Author: nope, all yarn versions have an allowlist of just package names, no version pinning or specifics afaict

Author: ```suggestion
Use [@lavamoat/harden][lavamoat-harden] if you're using a modern version of a popular package manager. It leverages their native capabilities to provide the same protections. `@lavamoat/allow-scripts` is now only recommended for older versions of package managers or to achieve precise dependency pinning under yarn.
```
